these are the word
these are the word covenant which the Lord come
covenant which the Lord come
covenant which the Lord come Moses to make with the children of
Moses to make with the children of
Moses to make with the children of Israel in the land of Moab
Israel in the land of Moab
Israel in the land of Moab besides the covenant which he made with
besides the covenant which he made with
besides the covenant which he made with them in her head now Moses called all
them in her head now Moses called all
them in her head now Moses called all Israel and said to them you have seen
Israel and said to them you have seen
Israel and said to them you have seen all that the Lord did before your eyes
all that the Lord did before your eyes
all that the Lord did before your eyes in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh and to
in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh and to
in the land of Egypt to Pharaoh and to all his servants and to all his land the
all his servants and to all his land the
all his servants and to all his land the great trials which your eyes have seen
great trials which your eyes have seen
great trials which your eyes have seen the signs and those great wonders yet
the signs and those great wonders yet
the signs and those great wonders yet the Lord has not given you a heart to
the Lord has not given you a heart to
the Lord has not given you a heart to perceive and eyes to see and ears to
perceive and eyes to see and ears to
perceive and eyes to see and ears to hear to this very day and I have led you
hear to this very day and I have led you
hear to this very day and I have led you 40 years in the wilderness your clothes
40 years in the wilderness your clothes
40 years in the wilderness your clothes have not worn out on you and your
have not worn out on you and your
have not worn out on you and your sandals have not worn out on your feet
sandals have not worn out on your feet
sandals have not worn out on your feet you have not eaten bread nor have you
you have not eaten bread nor have you
you have not eaten bread nor have you drunk wine or similar drink that you may
drunk wine or similar drink that you may
drunk wine or similar drink that you may know that I am the Lord your God and
know that I am the Lord your God and
know that I am the Lord your God and when you came to this place sian king of
when you came to this place sian king of
when you came to this place sian king of Heshbon and are king of Batian came out
Heshbon and are king of Batian came out
Heshbon and are king of Batian came out against us to battle and we conquered
against us to battle and we conquered
against us to battle and we conquered them he took their land and gave it as
them he took their land and gave it as
them he took their land and gave it as an inheritance to the rubra knights to
an inheritance to the rubra knights to
an inheritance to the rubra knights to the gay rights and to half the tribe of
the gay rights and to half the tribe of
the gay rights and to half the tribe of Manasseh therefore
Manasseh therefore
Manasseh therefore heed the words of this covenant and do
heed the words of this covenant and do
heed the words of this covenant and do them that you may prosper in all that
them that you may prosper in all that
them that you may prosper in all that you do all of you stand today before the
you do all of you stand today before the
you do all of you stand today before the Lord your God your leaders and your
Lord your God your leaders and your
Lord your God your leaders and your tribes and your elders and your officers
tribes and your elders and your officers
tribes and your elders and your officers all the men of Israel your little ones
all the men of Israel your little ones
all the men of Israel your little ones and your wives also the stranger who is
and your wives also the stranger who is
and your wives also the stranger who is in your camp from the one who cuts your
in your camp from the one who cuts your
in your camp from the one who cuts your wood to the one who draws your water
wood to the one who draws your water
wood to the one who draws your water that you may enter into covenant with
that you may enter into covenant with
that you may enter into covenant with the Lord your God and into his oath
the Lord your God and into his oath
the Lord your God and into his oath which the Lord your God makes with you
which the Lord your God makes with you
which the Lord your God makes with you today that he may establish you today as
today that he may establish you today as
today that he may establish you today as a people for himself and that he may be
a people for himself and that he may be
a people for himself and that he may be God to you just as he has spoken to you
God to you just as he has spoken to you
God to you just as he has spoken to you and just as he has sworn to your
and just as he has sworn to your
and just as he has sworn to your father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob I
father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob I
father's to Abraham Isaac and Jacob I make this covenant and this oaths not
make this covenant and this oaths not
make this covenant and this oaths not with you alone but with him who stands
with you alone but with him who stands
with you alone but with him who stands here with us today before the Lord our
here with us today before the Lord our
here with us today before the Lord our God as well as with him who is not here
God as well as with him who is not here
God as well as with him who is not here with us today for you know that we dwelt
with us today for you know that we dwelt
with us today for you know that we dwelt in the land Egypt and that we came
in the land Egypt and that we came
in the land Egypt and that we came through the nations which you passed by
through the nations which you passed by
through the nations which you passed by and you saw their abominations and their
and you saw their abominations and their
and you saw their abominations and their idols which were among them wood and
idols which were among them wood and
idols which were among them wood and stone and silver and go
stone and silver and go
stone and silver and go so that there may not be among you man
so that there may not be among you man
so that there may not be among you man or woman or family or tribe whose heart
or woman or family or tribe whose heart
or woman or family or tribe whose heart turns away today from the Lord our God
turns away today from the Lord our God
turns away today from the Lord our God to go and serve the gods of these
to go and serve the gods of these
to go and serve the gods of these nations and that there may not be among
nations and that there may not be among
nations and that there may not be among you a route bearing bitterness or
you a route bearing bitterness or
you a route bearing bitterness or wormwood and so it may not happen when
wormwood and so it may not happen when
wormwood and so it may not happen when he hears the words of this curse that he
he hears the words of this curse that he
he hears the words of this curse that he blesses himself in his heart saying I
blesses himself in his heart saying I
blesses himself in his heart saying I shall have peace even though I follow
shall have peace even though I follow
shall have peace even though I follow the dictates of my heart as though the
the dictates of my heart as though the
the dictates of my heart as though the drunkard could be included with the
drunkard could be included with the
drunkard could be included with the sober the Lord would not spare him for
sober the Lord would not spare him for
sober the Lord would not spare him for then the anger of the Lord and his
then the anger of the Lord and his
then the anger of the Lord and his jealousy would burn against that man and
jealousy would burn against that man and
jealousy would burn against that man and every curse that is written in this book
every curse that is written in this book
every curse that is written in this book would settle on him and the Lord would
would settle on him and the Lord would
would settle on him and the Lord would blot out his name from under heaven and
blot out his name from under heaven and
blot out his name from under heaven and the Lord would separate him from all the
the Lord would separate him from all the
the Lord would separate him from all the tribes of Israel for adversity according
tribes of Israel for adversity according
tribes of Israel for adversity according to all the curses of the Covenant that
to all the curses of the Covenant that
to all the curses of the Covenant that are written in this book of the law so
are written in this book of the law so
are written in this book of the law so that the coming generation of your
that the coming generation of your
that the coming generation of your children who rise up after you and the
children who rise up after you and the
children who rise up after you and the foreigner who comes from a far land
foreigner who comes from a far land
foreigner who comes from a far land would say when they see the plagues of
would say when they see the plagues of
would say when they see the plagues of that land and the sicknesses which the
that land and the sicknesses which the
that land and the sicknesses which the Lord has laid on it the whole land is
Lord has laid on it the whole land is
Lord has laid on it the whole land is brimstone soft and burning it is not so
brimstone soft and burning it is not so
brimstone soft and burning it is not so nor does it bear nor does any grass grow
nor does it bear nor does any grass grow
nor does it bear nor does any grass grow there like the overthrow of sodom and
there like the overthrow of sodom and
there like the overthrow of sodom and gomorrah admah and sabayon which the
gomorrah admah and sabayon which the
gomorrah admah and sabayon which the Lord overthrew in his anger and his
Lord overthrew in his anger and his
Lord overthrew in his anger and his wrath all nations would say why has the
wrath all nations would say why has the
wrath all nations would say why has the Lord done so to this land what does the
Lord done so to this land what does the
Lord done so to this land what does the heat of this great anger mean then
heat of this great anger mean then
heat of this great anger mean then people would say because they have
people would say because they have
people would say because they have forsaken the Covenant of the Lord God of
forsaken the Covenant of the Lord God of
forsaken the Covenant of the Lord God of their fathers which he made with them
their fathers which he made with them
their fathers which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of
when he brought them out of the land of
when he brought them out of the land of Egypt for they went and served other
Egypt for they went and served other
Egypt for they went and served other gods and worship them gods that they did
gods and worship them gods that they did
gods and worship them gods that they did not know and that he had not given to
not know and that he had not given to
not know and that he had not given to them and the anger of the Lord was
them and the anger of the Lord was
them and the anger of the Lord was aroused against this land to bring on it
aroused against this land to bring on it
aroused against this land to bring on it every curse that is written in this book
every curse that is written in this book
every curse that is written in this book and the Lord uprooted them from their
and the Lord uprooted them from their
and the Lord uprooted them from their land in anger and wrath and in great
land in anger and wrath and in great
land in anger and wrath and in great indignation and cast them into another
indignation and cast them into another
indignation and cast them into another land as it is this
land as it is this
land as it is this the secret things belong to the Lord our
the secret things belong to the Lord our
the secret things belong to the Lord our God but those things which are revealed
God but those things which are revealed
God but those things which are revealed belong to us and to our children forever
belong to us and to our children forever
belong to us and to our children forever that we may do all the words of this law
that we may do all the words of this law
that we may do all the words of this law [Music]